README.md, before:

<p align="center">
<img src="imgs/onediff_logo.png" height="100">
</p>

---

[![Docker image build](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/actions/workflows/sd.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/actions/workflows/sd.yml)
[![Run examples](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/actions/workflows/examples.yml/badge.svg?event=schedule)](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/actions/workflows/examples.yml?query=event%3Aschedule)

OneDiff is **an out-of-the-box acceleration library for diffusion models**  (especially for ComfyUI, HF diffusers, and Stable Diffusion web UI).

OneDiff is the abbreviation of "**one** line of code to accelerate **diff**usion models".

## News
- :rocket:[Accelerating Stable Video Diffusion 3x faster with OneDiff DeepCache + Int8](https://www.reddit.com/r/StableDiffusion/comments/1adu2hn/accelerating_stable_video_diffusion_3x_faster/)
- :rocket:[Accelerating SDXL 3x faster with DeepCache and OneDiff](https://www.reddit.com/r/StableDiffusion/comments/18lz2ir/accelerating_sdxl_3x_faster_with_deepcache_and/)
- :rocket:[InstantID can run 1.8x Faster with OneDiff](https://www.reddit.com/r/StableDiffusion/comments/1al19ek/instantid_can_run_18x_faster_with_onediff/)

## Community & Support
- [Create an issue](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/issues)
- Chat in Discord: [![](https://dcbadge.vercel.app/api/server/RKJTjZMcPQ?style=plastic)](https://discord.gg/RKJTjZMcPQ)
- Email for business inquiry: contact@siliconflow.com
- [OneDiff Development Roadmap](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/wiki#onediff-roadmap)

## State-of-the-art performance

<img src="benchmarks/pics/240105_sdxl_e2e_a100.png" width="600" height="400">

## Easy to use
- Out-of-the-box acceleration for popular UIs/libs
  - [ComfyUI](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/tree/main/onediff_comfy_nodes)
  - [HF diffusers 🤗](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/tree/main/onediff_diffusers_extensions/examples)
  - [Stable Diffusion web UI](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/tree/main/onediff_sd_webui_extensions)
  - [Acceleration with oneflow_compile](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/blob/main/onediff_diffusers_extensions/examples/text_to_image_sdxl.py)
- Acceleration for state-of-the-art Models
  - [SDXL](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/blob/main/onediff_diffusers_extensions/examples/text_to_image_sdxl.py)
  - [SDXL Turbo](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/blob/main/onediff_diffusers_extensions/examples/text_to_image_sdxl_turbo.py)
  - [SD 1.5/2.1](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/blob/main/onediff_diffusers_extensions/examples/text_to_image.py)
  - [LoRA (and dynamic switching LoRA)](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/blob/main/onediff_diffusers_extensions/examples/text_to_image_sdxl_lora.py)
  - [ControlNet](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/blob/main/onediff_diffusers_extensions/examples/text_to_image_controlnet.py)
  - [LCM](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/blob/main/onediff_diffusers_extensions/examples/text_to_image_lcm.py) and [LCM LoRA](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/blob/main/onediff_diffusers_extensions/examples/text_to_image_lcm_lora_sdxl.py)
  - [Stable Video Diffusion](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/blob/main/onediff_diffusers_extensions/examples/image_to_video.py)
  - [DeepCache](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/blob/main/onediff_diffusers_extensions/examples/text_to_image_deep_cache_sdxl.py)
  - [InstantID](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/blob/main/benchmarks/instant_id.py)
- Ready for production
  - [Support Multi-resolution input](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/blob/main/onediff_diffusers_extensions/examples/text_to_image_sdxl.py)
  - Compile and save the compiled result offline, then load it online for serving
    - [Save and Load the compiled graph](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/blob/main/onediff_diffusers_extensions/examples/text_to_image_sdxl_save_load.py)
    - [Change device of the compiled graph to do multi-process serving](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/blob/main/onediff_diffusers_extensions/examples/text_to_image_sdxl_mp_load.py)

## OneDiff Online Playground
[Online Playground](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/wiki/OneDiff-Online-Playground)

## OneDiff Enterprise Edition
If you need **Enterprise-level Support** for your system or business, you can 
- subscribe Enterprise Edition online and get all support after the order: https://siliconflow.com/onediff.html
- or send an email to contact@siliconflow.com and tell us about your user case, deployment scale, and requirements.

OneDiff Enterprise Edition can be **subscripted for one month and one GPU** and the cost is low.

|                      | OneDiff Enterprise   | OneDiff Community |
| -------------------- | ------------------- | ----------- |
| SD/SDXL series model Optimization| Yes | Yes|
| UNet/VAE/ControlNet Optimization | Yes      | Yes         |
| LoRA(and dynamic switching LoRA)                 | Yes             | Yes         |
| SDXL Turbo/LCM                  | Yes             | Yes         |
| Stable Video Diffusion |  Yes      | Yes |
| HF diffusers            | Yes                 | Yes         |
| ComfyUI              | Yes           | Yes         |
| Stable Diffusion web UI | Yes          | Yes         |
| Multiple Resolutions | Yes(No time cost for most of the cases)       | Yes(No time cost for most of the cases)           |
| More Extreme and Dedicated optimization(usually another 20~100% performance gain)         |   Yes         |                 |
| Technical Support for deployment    | High priority support       | Community           |
| Get the latest technology/feature | Yes | |

## OS and GPU support
- Linux
  - If you want to use OneDiff on Windows, please use it under WSL.
- NVIDIA GPUs

## OneDiff Installation
### Install from source

#### 1. Install OneFlow
> **_NOTE:_** We have updated OneFlow a lot for OneDiff, so please install OneFlow by the links below.

- **CUDA 11.8**

  ```bash
  # For NA/EU users
  python3 -m pip install -U --pre oneflow -f https://github.com/siliconflow/oneflow_releases/releases/expanded_assets/community_cu118
  ```


  ```bash
  # For CN users
  python3 -m pip install --pre oneflow -f https://oneflow-pro.oss-cn-beijing.aliyuncs.com/branch/community/cu118
  ```


<details>
<summary> Click to get OneFlow packages for other CUDA versions. </summary>

- **CUDA 12.1**

  ```bash
  # For NA/EU users
  python3 -m pip install -U --pre oneflow -f https://github.com/siliconflow/oneflow_releases/releases/expanded_assets/community_cu121
  ```


  ```bash
  # For CN users
  python3 -m pip install --pre oneflow -f https://oneflow-pro.oss-cn-beijing.aliyuncs.com/branch/community/cu121
  ```


- **CUDA 12.2**

  ```bash
  # For NA/EU users
  python3 -m pip install -U --pre oneflow -f https://github.com/siliconflow/oneflow_releases/releases/expanded_assets/community_cu122
  ```

  ```bash
  # For CN users
  python3 -m pip install --pre oneflow -f https://oneflow-pro.oss-cn-beijing.aliyuncs.com/branch/community/cu122
  ```



</details>


#### 2. Install torch and diffusers
```
python3 -m pip install "torch" "transformers==4.27.1" "diffusers[torch]==0.19.3"
```

#### 3. Install OneDiff

- From PyPI
```
python3 -m pip install --pre onediff
```
- From source
```
git clone https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff.git
cd onediff && python3 -m pip install -e .
```

#### 4. (Optional)Login huggingface-cli

```
python3 -m pip install huggingface_hub
 ~/.local/bin/huggingface-cli login
```

## Release

- run examples to check it works

  ```bash
  python3 examples/text_to_image.py
  python3 examples/text_to_image_dpmsolver.py
  ```

- bump version in these files:

  ```
  .github/workflows/pub.yml
  src/onediff/__init__.py
  ```

- install build package
  ```bash
  python3 -m pip install build
  ```

- build wheel

  ```bash
  rm -rf dist
  python3 -m build
  ```

- upload to pypi

  ```bash
  twine upload dist/*
  ```

Commit message:

update readme, recommend install from source if use plugin

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
<img src="imgs/onediff_logo.png" height="100">
</p>

---

[![Docker image build](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/actions/workflows/sd.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/actions/workflows/sd.yml)
[![Run examples](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/actions/workflows/examples.yml/badge.svg?event=schedule)](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/actions/workflows/examples.yml?query=event%3Aschedule)

OneDiff is **an out-of-the-box acceleration library for diffusion models**  (especially for ComfyUI, HF diffusers, and Stable Diffusion web UI).

OneDiff is the abbreviation of "**one** line of code to accelerate **diff**usion models".

## News
- :rocket:[Accelerating Stable Video Diffusion 3x faster with OneDiff DeepCache + Int8](https://www.reddit.com/r/StableDiffusion/comments/1adu2hn/accelerating_stable_video_diffusion_3x_faster/)
- :rocket:[Accelerating SDXL 3x faster with DeepCache and OneDiff](https://www.reddit.com/r/StableDiffusion/comments/18lz2ir/accelerating_sdxl_3x_faster_with_deepcache_and/)
- :rocket:[InstantID can run 1.8x Faster with OneDiff](https://www.reddit.com/r/StableDiffusion/comments/1al19ek/instantid_can_run_18x_faster_with_onediff/)

## Community & Support
- [Create an issue](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/issues)
- Chat in Discord: [![](https://dcbadge.vercel.app/api/server/RKJTjZMcPQ?style=plastic)](https://discord.gg/RKJTjZMcPQ)
- Email for business inquiry: contact@siliconflow.com
- [OneDiff Development Roadmap](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/wiki#onediff-roadmap)

## State-of-the-art performance

<img src="benchmarks/pics/240105_sdxl_e2e_a100.png" width="600" height="400">

## Easy to use
- Out-of-the-box acceleration for popular UIs/libs
  - [ComfyUI](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/tree/main/onediff_comfy_nodes)
  - [HF diffusers 🤗](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/tree/main/onediff_diffusers_extensions/examples)
  - [Stable Diffusion web UI](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/tree/main/onediff_sd_webui_extensions)
  - [Acceleration with oneflow_compile](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/blob/main/onediff_diffusers_extensions/examples/text_to_image_sdxl.py)
- Acceleration for state-of-the-art Models
  - [SDXL](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/blob/main/onediff_diffusers_extensions/examples/text_to_image_sdxl.py)
  - [SDXL Turbo](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/blob/main/onediff_diffusers_extensions/examples/text_to_image_sdxl_turbo.py)
  - [SD 1.5/2.1](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/blob/main/onediff_diffusers_extensions/examples/text_to_image.py)
  - [LoRA (and dynamic switching LoRA)](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/blob/main/onediff_diffusers_extensions/examples/text_to_image_sdxl_lora.py)
  - [ControlNet](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/blob/main/onediff_diffusers_extensions/examples/text_to_image_controlnet.py)
  - [LCM](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/blob/main/onediff_diffusers_extensions/examples/text_to_image_lcm.py) and [LCM LoRA](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/blob/main/onediff_diffusers_extensions/examples/text_to_image_lcm_lora_sdxl.py)
  - [Stable Video Diffusion](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/blob/main/onediff_diffusers_extensions/examples/image_to_video.py)
  - [DeepCache](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/blob/main/onediff_diffusers_extensions/examples/text_to_image_deep_cache_sdxl.py)
  - [InstantID](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/blob/main/benchmarks/instant_id.py)
- Ready for production
  - [Support Multi-resolution input](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/blob/main/onediff_diffusers_extensions/examples/text_to_image_sdxl.py)
  - Compile and save the compiled result offline, then load it online for serving
    - [Save and Load the compiled graph](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/blob/main/onediff_diffusers_extensions/examples/text_to_image_sdxl_save_load.py)
    - [Change device of the compiled graph to do multi-process serving](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/blob/main/onediff_diffusers_extensions/examples/text_to_image_sdxl_mp_load.py)

## OneDiff Online Playground
[Online Playground](https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff/wiki/OneDiff-Online-Playground)

## OneDiff Enterprise Edition
If you need **Enterprise-level Support** for your system or business, you can 
- subscribe Enterprise Edition online and get all support after the order: https://siliconflow.com/onediff.html
- or send an email to contact@siliconflow.com and tell us about your user case, deployment scale, and requirements.

OneDiff Enterprise Edition can be **subscripted for one month and one GPU** and the cost is low.

|                      | OneDiff Enterprise   | OneDiff Community |
| -------------------- | ------------------- | ----------- |
| SD/SDXL series model Optimization| Yes | Yes|
| UNet/VAE/ControlNet Optimization | Yes      | Yes         |
| LoRA(and dynamic switching LoRA)                 | Yes             | Yes         |
| SDXL Turbo/LCM                  | Yes             | Yes         |
| Stable Video Diffusion |  Yes      | Yes |
| HF diffusers            | Yes                 | Yes         |
| ComfyUI              | Yes           | Yes         |
| Stable Diffusion web UI | Yes          | Yes         |
| Multiple Resolutions | Yes(No time cost for most of the cases)       | Yes(No time cost for most of the cases)           |
| More Extreme and Dedicated optimization(usually another 20~100% performance gain)         |   Yes         |                 |
| Technical Support for deployment    | High priority support       | Community           |
| Get the latest technology/feature | Yes | |

## OS and GPU support
- Linux
  - If you want to use OneDiff on Windows, please use it under WSL.
- NVIDIA GPUs

## OneDiff Installation
### Install from source

#### 1. Install OneFlow
> **_NOTE:_** We have updated OneFlow a lot for OneDiff, so please install OneFlow by the links below.

- **CUDA 11.8**

  ```bash
  # For NA/EU users
  python3 -m pip install -U --pre oneflow -f https://github.com/siliconflow/oneflow_releases/releases/expanded_assets/community_cu118
  ```


  ```bash
  # For CN users
  python3 -m pip install --pre oneflow -f https://oneflow-pro.oss-cn-beijing.aliyuncs.com/branch/community/cu118
  ```


<details>
<summary> Click to get OneFlow packages for other CUDA versions. </summary>

- **CUDA 12.1**

  ```bash
  # For NA/EU users
  python3 -m pip install -U --pre oneflow -f https://github.com/siliconflow/oneflow_releases/releases/expanded_assets/community_cu121
  ```


  ```bash
  # For CN users
  python3 -m pip install --pre oneflow -f https://oneflow-pro.oss-cn-beijing.aliyuncs.com/branch/community/cu121
  ```


- **CUDA 12.2**

  ```bash
  # For NA/EU users
  python3 -m pip install -U --pre oneflow -f https://github.com/siliconflow/oneflow_releases/releases/expanded_assets/community_cu122
  ```

  ```bash
  # For CN users
  python3 -m pip install --pre oneflow -f https://oneflow-pro.oss-cn-beijing.aliyuncs.com/branch/community/cu122
  ```



</details>


#### 2. Install torch and diffusers
```
python3 -m pip install "torch" "transformers==4.27.1" "diffusers[torch]==0.19.3"
```

#### 3. Install OneDiff

- From PyPI
```
python3 -m pip install --pre onediff
```
- From source
```
git clone https://github.com/siliconflow/onediff.git
cd onediff && python3 -m pip install -e .
```

> **_NOTE:_** If you intend to utilize plugins for ComfyUI/StableDiffusion-WebUI, we highly recommend installing OneDiff from the source rather than PyPI. This is necessary as you'll need to manually copy (or create a soft link) for the relevant code into the extension folder of these UIs/Libs.

#### 4. (Optional)Login huggingface-cli

```
python3 -m pip install huggingface_hub
 ~/.local/bin/huggingface-cli login
```

## Release

- run examples to check it works

  ```bash
  python3 examples/text_to_image.py
  python3 examples/text_to_image_dpmsolver.py
  ```

- bump version in these files:

  ```
  .github/workflows/pub.yml
  src/onediff/__init__.py
  ```

- install build package
  ```bash
  python3 -m pip install build
  ```

- build wheel

  ```bash
  rm -rf dist
  python3 -m build
  ```

- upload to pypi

  ```bash
  twine upload dist/*
  ```
